[RLlib; docs] Docs do-over (new API stack): ConnectorV2 documentation (part III). (#54626)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/rllib/env-to-module-connector.rst

Note, though, that if your :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.rl_module.rl_module.RLModule` also requires the new information
in the train batch, you would also need to add the same custom connector piece to your Algorithm's
:py:class:`~ray.rllib.connectors.learner.learner_connector_pipeline.LearnerConnectorPipeline`.

> See :ref:`this page here for more details on how to customize the Learner connector pipeline <learner-pipeline-docs>`.

Author: ```suggestion
See :ref:`the Learner connector pipeline documentation <learner-pipeline-docs>` for more details on how to customize it.
```

Note, though, that if your :py:class:`~ray.rllib.core.rl_module.rl_module.RLModule` also requires the new information
in the train batch, you would also need to add the same custom connector piece to your Algorithm's
:py:class:`~ray.rllib.connectors.learner.learner_connector_pipeline.LearnerConnectorPipeline`.

> See :ref:`this page here for more details on how to customize the Learner connector pipeline <learner-pipeline-docs>`.

Author: Great catch. Fixed.
